Add a new client: NeoChat (#892)
matrix-org/matrix.org: gatsby/content/projects/2020-12-04-neochat.mdx

---
layout: projectimage
title: NeoChat
categories: 
 - client
thumbnail: /docs/projects/images/neochat_thumb.png
description: A Matrix client for desktop and mobile
author: Carl Schwan, Tobias Fellas
maturity: Beta

> language: C++/Qt QML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language: C++/QML
```

I think it would be better to list this in the same category as Spectral and Quaternion rather than a new category

license: GPL-3.0-only
repo: https://invent.kde.org/network/neochat
home: https://invent.kde.org/network/neochat

> screenshot: /docs/projects/images/nheko.png

Reviewer 2: wrong link

room: "#neochat:kde.org"
featured: true
platforms:
    - Linux
    - Plasma Mobile
    - Windows
    - Android
sort_order: 400
features:
    Room directory: yes
    Room tag showing: no
    Room tag editing: yes
    Search joined rooms: yes
    Room user list: yes
    Display Room Description: yes
    Edit Room Description: yes
    Highlights: yes
    Pushrules: no
    Send read markers: yes
    Display read markers: yes
    Sending Invites: yes
    Accepting Invites: yes
    Typing Notification: yes
    E2E: no
    Replies: yes
    Attachment uploading: yes
    Attachment downloading: yes
    Send stickers: no
    Send formatted messages (markdown): yes
    Rich Text Editor for formatted messages: no
    Display formatted messages: yes
    Redacting: yes
    Multiple Matrix Accounts: no
    New user registration: no
    voip: no
    Reactions: yes
    Message editing: no
    Room upgrades: no
    Localisations: 4
    SSO Support: no
---

> NeoChat was born as a Spectral fork. It uses [Kirigami](https://develop.kde.org/frameworks/kirigami/) to provides a convergence user interface between desktop (Plasma, GNOME and Windows) and mobile (Plasma Mobile and Android).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NeoChat was born as a Spectral fork. It uses [Kirigami](https://develop.kde.org/frameworks/kirigami/) to provide a convergent user interface between desktop (Plasma, GNOME and other desktops and Windows) and mobile (Plasma Mobile and Android).
```

> NeoChat was born as a Spectral fork. It uses [Kirigami](https://develop.kde.org/frameworks/kirigami/) to provide a convergent user interface between desktop (Plasma, GNOME and other desktops and Windows) and mobile (Plasma Mobile and Android).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NeoChat was born as a Spectral fork. It uses [Kirigami](https://develop.kde.org/frameworks/kirigami/) to provide a convergent user interface on desktops (KDE Plasma, GNOME, Windows, and other desktops) and phones (Plasma Mobile and Android).
```
